Smiling
puts you in a better mood to present.
You don't want to appear stressed at all.
I remember when my kids were younger,
and I took them actually,
I remember in the double stroller,
Andrew and Matthew, my two older boys,
I remember taking them for long walks.
And I remember being kinda stressed out at times
'cause having kids was all new.
Of course, I loved it and all that stuff,
but I was very busy.
And I remember being stressed out,
and I'd walk by strangers
that were strolling by me when I had my kids
right in the stroller.
And these strangers would always smile at me
even though I wasn't smiling.
And again, maybe I was stressed a little bit at the moment,
but if you're older like me now,
when you walk past a young parent
taking their kid for a walk,
they have the same stressed out look on their faces
and I smile at them.
(speaks in foreign language)
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
And I want you to be the person smiling at them
and not the other way around.
And that smile that you give to a parent walking their child
is usually, it's usually a peaceful admiration one,
as peace always begins with a smile.
And you can eliminate the stressful feeling of presenting
when you smile.
Just try it.
Change your state and change your mood.
And you feel peace in your heart when you smile
as well when you present.
And that's the type of relaxed, peaceful smile
I want you to have while you present.
And it slows down your delivery as well if needed,
and I certainly need it at times.
And again, one of my biggest critiques is
I'm too fast at times when I speak.
But when I smile, I actually slow it down a bit as well.
And separately, this is off script, but I don't care.
For you young parents out there, smile back.
I know that they never usually do,
but I want you to smile back and live in that moment
because you'll never get that moment back.
And similarly, when we present,
I want you to smile and enjoy and just live in that moment
because you'll never get that precious moment back.
And then, separately, getting into the ideal,
perfect state when presenting
is really based on you thinking of a moment
you laughed and were incredibly happy in your life.
And it's interesting because when I was kid,
I remember laughing so hard until it hurt.
And then, you start working in a big company
and you stop laughing like that.
That's worth repeating.
I know I mentioned it earlier.
But where did all the laughter go as I aged?
I finally got it back now.
But when you work at a big company,
you don't laugh as much because you,
you kinda transform yourself into
a person that watches everything that they say
and there's politics.
What a horrible fake existence,
and I lived it for years as well.
Anyway, it is what it is.
I want you to step out of the corporate matrix
when you present.
I want you to smile and be yourself.
And damn it, enjoy the moment too,
as the only judge out there of your performance
that matters in that room is you.
Have fun in that moment presenting,
and be happy.
Be you when you present,
and show that million dollar smile of yours.